Hi guys, and welcome back to my channel.
I'm back in Dubai, and if you have
noticed, I have had a little rebrand,
but that's not what this video is about.
Today, I want to talk about narcissistic
abuse, so you will stop falling for it.
Many women have been through or are in
relationships that are abusive, and most
of them are not even aware that they
are. Why? Because these narcissistic men
know exactly how to twist everything so
you will doubt your own perception. Now,
let's get right into this. First of all,
I want you to understand the typical
stages that a narcissist uses to get you
drawn into his mind games, into his
dynamic.
The first stage is always love bombing
and asking very deep questions. He wants
to get to know you, and he wants to make
you feel like he's the perfect man, like
he is the perfect person for you, and
you will feel like, "Oh my god, this is
almost impossible. How did I meet a man
that is so perfect, almost tailored like
to my needs?" Be aware, most of these
men, they are also professional
stalkers, and they know how to get
information about you. They know how to
read you even before they got to know
you very well. So, if they know your
name and maybe your Instagram, they can
know already more than what you think.
They are going to find out everything
about you before you even could tell
them. Now, the love bombing phase is for
you to think that this is the perfect
man, and for you to be quickly
emotionally attached to him. He's going
to do everything that you ever desired
in a man. Gifts, a lot of compliments, a
lot of attention. He wants to see you
every single day and he immediately sees
a future with you. He wants to introduce
you to his parents very early. He is
going the fast lane. While I have to say
love bombing is not always wrong. If a
man really likes you and really wants to
conquer you in that way, of course he's
going to love bomb you, especially if
you make it difficult for him. But
that's why I always keep explaining to
you girls
take your time to get to know someone
and you are the one who sets the pace,
okay? You are the one who can slow down
things. If someone is rushing you, you
can say, "Hey, I appreciate it. I would
love to get to know your parents, but
this is a bit quick for me. Let's take a
step back. Let's slow down the pace a
little bit." All they want to create is
a big high. So then when it comes to the
hot and cold phase, you will start to
chase them and think something must be
off. This man was so perfect. This man
was treating me so well.
What's happening right now? That's the
first stage where you should actually
remove yourself from this situation. A
man that is suddenly distant, a man that
is one day sweet and the next day cold,
that gives you one day the feeling that
you're going to be his future wife and
the next day you're feeling like you
don't know where you stand. This is your
answer. You don't need to find out
what's going on with him. If he really
wanted you and if he is a healthy
person, he would tell you, "Listen, I'm
going through something. I'm taking a
step back. I'm going through something.
Don't be worried. I'm still here." This
is what a healthy person would do. While
a narcissist is creating this vacuum on
purpose, so you will start to chase and
your brain will start to get addicted
slowly and slowly with these ups and
downs. Intense highs following by
intense lows. And this is the trap. Once
your brain is addicted
to that feeling, the way out is going to
be very, very difficult. This works the
same way as a drug. When a person
creates a lot of dopamine in you and the
next day creates a lot of pain, it's the
exact same effect as getting off a drug
as an addict. First, you will crave it,
you want it back, and second, after a
while, you think this is the only person
that can give you that dopamine back,
that can actually make it up to you,
make you feel better, which is not the
case, of course, but that's what's
happening with your brain. Now, if you
missed to get out in this stage, you're
already being in the trap, and in this
trap, this narcissist is going to use
the following mind games. Number one,
deflect, attack, and gaslight. Whenever
you bring something up that hurt you,
they did wrong, when you call them out,
let's say for lying, they know exactly
what to say and what to do to make you
feel like you did something wrong. They
shift the focus, they flip the whole
story, and blame it all onto you. Then,
you will start defending yourself, you
will actually feel like you are the
problem. The more you defend, the more
ground you give them to blame more on
you, gaslight, deflect, and attack. This
is a down spiral. There is no way out
until you apologize for your behavior,
for doing something you didn't do, or
for raising your concerns about him. The
next mind game they love to do is deny.
Even if you have proof, if you have
screenshots and videos, they will deny,
deny, deny, deny, deny until they can't
deny anymore, and when they are
confronted with the video themselves
with the voice memo with the screenshot,
they will say that's not how I meant it.
That's not how it was supposed to be
perceived. You are perceiving it wrong.
As long as they admit nothing, they stay
in control and that's the whole purpose.
The next mind game, my absolute
favorite, is pretending not to
understand anything. You bring something
up, they do not get it. It's they act
like they have no idea what you're
talking about. Let's say your partner
was talking to you in a rude manner.
You're bringing it up. You're saying to
him, "I don't like the way you talk to
me. Is something off? Are you okay?" The
narcissist will be pretending that he
has no idea what you're talking about
and that you must be crazy for
perceiving it that way. "What are you
talking about? I'm completely normal.
Can you stop to ask me so many
questions? Just deal with your own
things." Explain to me "How did I talk
bad to you?" Now you are trying to
explain to a person that you felt
disrespected by a behavior. And with
explaining, you're giving again more
ground for him to deflect, gaslight, and
attack. The next mind game, creating a
false reality.
You might know that two people can
experience the same exact situation in a
very different way depending on their
past traumas, their experiences,
their core beliefs, etc. This is normal
and it's important to be considerate
about another's perception of things,
but a narcissist is not perceiving
things differently. He's creating a
completely false reality and for him,
it's set in stone. They defend their
reality so strong with such big
confidence and most of the time
aggression so that you will start
doubting your own reality. You will
adapt the way they see things, the way
they experienced things, and at this
point, believe me, it's really difficult
to get away from these people because at
this point they have the power to
distort your reality. Whatever you
perceive is wrong, and they know exactly
how to blame it on to you and how to
make you being the villain in all of the
stories that you will bring up in the
future. And this specific mind game
usually happens only after a while,
after they already marinated you into
their games, and you're already doubting
yourself. This is all very strategic and
very planned through. A perfect example
for distorting your reality, let's say
you were asking your partner many, many
times about making a decision about
getting a new apartment. Your partner,
every time you ask him to help you with
that decision, was getting aggressive,
saying that he doesn't want to be
included, and getting very angry for you
asking that. Now, you go on, make the
decision by yourself, and follow
through. After
everything is done, he will start
blaming you, telling you what a bad
person you are because you did not
include him. He will probably even start
disappearing, withdrawing, or hurting
you, and then justifying it because you
were not including him into this
decision. Yeah, it sounds crazy, but it
actually happens, and it happened to me.
At this point, the narcissist can shift
and turn the reality the way they want,
and you will believe. The next thing
they love to do is reframing everything.
Whenever you say you're hurt, they will
say, "Oh, you're just too sensitive."
Whenever you react to their misbehavior,
you are being the bad guy for reacting
and saying something. Your reaction will
always become the problem, not their
behavior. Ultimately, what do they want
with all of these mind games? They want
your emotional reaction because they
feed off your emotional reaction. So
many of you ask, "How do I fight back?
What do I do now?" Actually, the only
way how to fight back is to remove
yourself from that situation as soon as
possible. There is no fight back. There
is no make it make sense. It's not meant
to make sense, and you're not meant to
understand the other person. The other
person is not meant to understand you,
and it's also never going to happen.
This is calculated manipulation to get
something from you, your emotional
reaction, maybe even money, maybe other
things, but it's always to get something
from you. Once you are being emotionally
depleted, that person anyways will leave
you because you can't give anything
anymore to them. So the only thing you
can do is to refuse to play your role.
Do not emotionally engage. Stop
explaining yourself. Once you leave,
it's going to be painful. It's going to
feel like a withdrawal. It's going to
feel like a vacuum, but after 1 week of
no contact, you're going to feel better.
I promise it to you. Yes, the first 2
days are going to be horrible, but after
that, you are going to feel better. And
I want you to keep in mind that it's
better to suffer once for a longer
period of time than to suffer over and
over again and go through that same pain
over and over again for years because
believe me it's not going to be better
and you can change anything. You are not
here to do anything or change anything
and even if you try to it's going to get
only worse. Now if you cannot leave or
let's say you have a baby with this
narcissistic person or for any other
reason you're not ready to leave yet, no
blame on that. You can do following
steps. First, stop explaining yourself.
The more you explain the more they twist
and the more ground you give them to
recreate a reality that is not your
reality. You say your standpoint once
and if they don't understand you simply
withdraw and you say that's how I see
it.
That's it. Number two, do not defend
obvious reality. Whatever is your
reality is your reality. Whatever you
have experienced is exactly what you
have experienced and if someone tries to
change that reality, if someone tries to
twist your reality, no this is not a
discussion, this is manipulation. You do
not need to prove and explain whatever
you experienced. Number three, cut
emotional reactions immediately.
Whenever they trigger your pain,
whenever they do something that hurt
you, be sad, be whatever feel it but do
not give them your emotional reactions.
Stay cold, stay distant and stay
withdrawn, okay? If you want to talk,
talk to your friends, talk to a tree but
do not talk under no circumstances
about your feelings to a narcissistic
person. The next of course use
consequences not conversations. We
already said conversations lead to
nothing than more pain and more
confusion. You need to act differently.
Withdraw, step back and you can say
something like if this continues I'm
stepping back. And when it continues,
you you actually are stepping back. Next
thing, do not correct their narrative.
If they start to notice that you are
more cold, a little bit withdrawn, and
they start to blame it onto you, they
start to make you feel bad for it, do
not correct them. If they say you
changed, okay. Yeah, I changed. You
don't need to be understood by someone
who benefits from misunderstanding you.
And the next, watch patterns, not words.
In any relationship, always watch
patterns, not words. He says one thing,
does another thing, that's the answer.
Stop listening to his explanations why
he didn't do it or why he did do it.
Look at the patterns. That will make you
realize in what of a trap you are
actually in. You need to understand,
there is no happy ending with a
narcissist. As I already told you
before, he will either discard you once
you are not useful to him anymore, and
he will move on to someone that is more
useful, that he can again deceive of a
person that he is not. The person you
think you love, the person you think you
know, does not exist. They know exactly
how to play the role of the perfect
partner for you. It's tailored to your
needs and to your wants, but it's not
real. For the next person, they will be
a completely different version of them.
They know when to put on their mask and
play the game. You need to lose hope.
This person is not going to change. The
person you are in love with does not
exist. The person they were in the
beginning is not coming back. And once
you lose hope, grieve. Grieve for the
person that doesn't exist. Yes, it's
painful to realize that a version of a
person you thought you were in love with
is nothing else but an illusion, but
it's also freeing because it means
you're now one step closer to actually
getting to know a person that is your
person. Anyways guys, I know it's been a
sensitive topic, but I really hope it
could help someone out there. If not,
thank you so much for watching. I love
you so so much and I'll see you in my
next video. Bye-bye.